Feature/#10 mount cmd line param paths (#30)
exasol/script-languages-container-tool: README.md

* Can push Docker images to Docker registries
* Run tests for you container against an Exasol DB (docker-db or external db)

## Limitations

> * Caution with symbolic links inside flavor path: 

Reviewer: not only flavor path, all in-directories or out-directories (where subdirectories already exists, where exaslct would write to)

>   If you use symbolic links inside the flavor path (--flavor-path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use symbolic links inside the directory the path of the command line argument points to
```

>   they must not point to directories outside the root of the flavor path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  they must not point to files or directories outside the root of the path of the command line argument points to. 
```

>   Background: Local directories paths must be mounted manually to the docker container. 

Reviewer: Maybe also add that it is rare and it only affects symlinks outside of the current working directory, because we mount this per default. And, I think you can create a ticket, such that we add an Environment variable which allows you to specifiy additional directories.

Author: Instead of managing this manually with an Env variable, wouldn't it be better to traverse the directories and check for any symbolic link?

Author: Created #35 for this issue.
